Add honeytoken create command (#516)
GitGuardian/ggshield: changelog.d/20230427_182700_antonin.lacombe_create_honeytoken.md

### Added

> - Add a new `ggshield honeytoken create` allowing you to create honeytokens if enables in your workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new `ggshield honeytoken create` command to let you create honeytokens if enabled in your workspace.
```

Do we have a link to the feature we could add here?
